I have you on take so much for enrolling in the course.
I have a favor to ask of you please don't skip this course overview lecture and watch it in its entirety
we'll go over just a few key things so help you get the most out of this course as well as point out
where to find things like the class notes.
OK.
Let's get started.
Welcome to the Course everyone.
As I mentioned in this lecture we're going to quickly cover some frequently asked questions and what
to expect during the course.
Let's go ahead and discuss a few things that will help give you the best possible course experience
as a quick note no lectures can be sped up to your liking.
Up to two time speed and they can also be viewed at a higher quality.
If you think you're getting a lower quality.
Go ahead and click on the settings icon where you can adjust the video playback quality.
Let's quickly know who this course is for and what does it cover.
This course is well-suited for someone that has experience of programming preferably Python but we do
have the quick Python crash course.
It's not meant to be a complete overview of the Python programming language.
Hopefully you're also interested in using Python for finance and algorithmic trading because that's
what the second half of the course really focuses on.
If you clicked on this course but you're interested in just general data science or machine learning
Python you should probably check out my other course Python for data science and machine learning bootcamp
that might be a better fit for you if you're just interested in those two main topics.
While this course does cover some libraries that overlap topics in data science with python we really
focus here on using those key libraries for financial analysis.
So this course is ideal for students who have some python knowledge and are interested in finance topics.
A few more things before we get started.
This Course uses Anaconda and a Jupiter notebook system.
If you have your own preferences and or a more advanced user of Python or already have it installed
in your computer please feel free to choose any environment you prefer.
The course notes have been provided as a zip file containing all the Python or Jupiter notebook files.
Those IPY in the essential files used during the course.
You can easily use the any kind of library available freely online to convert them to a variety of formats.
The slide shown in the course are also linked to as a resource in their respective lecturers.
They are hosted as Google slides so you can just visit online to see any updates.
Let's quickly discuss what's the best way to get help during the course.
Remember to double check that your code matches the notebooks exactly the code provided in the notebooks
is guaranteed to work if you're using the provided environment file.
They've all been tested against the current environment file that we provide so please make sure to
run the provided notebooks first before posting a question.
It will save you a lot of time and a lot of frustration.
If you still have a question it's no problem.
Just post your questions to the Q&A forums inside the course.
Please remember to give as much detail as possible including what you've tried and what resources or
links you've already seen.
Remember to search the Kewaunee forums for previous similar questions to save yourself additional time
after completing the course.
You will receive the ability to get a certificate of completion if you have any issues regarding the
certificate please contact support me that COM and they'll be happy to help you out.
If you're experiencing any technical platform issues such as slow video playback or weird site bugs
you can also contact support or you to me dot com and they can help you out of those issues.
And last but not least I just want to thank you so much for enrolling in this course and I'm really
excited to get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.